= jquery-validator

Rails plugin to generate jquery validations based on model validations.  Use this plugin to keep your validations DRY. 
This plugin requires Rails 3, Jquery, and the Jquery validation plugin.

Supported validations include:
 * Presence
 * Format
 * Numericality
 * Includes
 * Excludes
 * Length
 * Confirmation
 * Acceptance
  
== Usage

  % rails generate jquery_validator:install
  = javascript_include_tag "http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.4.1/jquery.min.js"
  = javascript_include_tag "http://ajax.microsoft.com/ajax/jquery.validate/1.7/jquery.validate.js"
  = javascript_include_tag "jquery_validator"

  class User < ActiveRecord::Base
    validate :login, :presence => true, :length => {:minimum => 3, :maximum => 10}
    validate :email, :presence => true
    validate :password, :presence => true, :confirmation => true, :length => {:minimum => 8}
    validates_acceptance_of :eula
  end

  <%= form_for(@user) do |f| %>
    <%=f.jquery_validators %>
    Login: <%= f.text_field :login %><br/>
    Password: <%= f.password_field :password %><br/>
    Confirm: <%= f.password_field :password_confirmation %><br/>
    Accept Terms <%= f.checkbox :eula %>
    <%= f.submit %>
  <% end %>

== Options
  
You can pass a :only argument to jquery_validations to only validate certain fields.  All other options are converted to JSON and passed directly to the jquery validate() method.  You can pass javascript functions as strings.  For example
  
  <%= f.jquery_validators :only => [:login, :email], :debug => true, :submitHandler => "function() { alert('Thank you!'); }" %>

If you want to be more unobtrusive, add
    
  yield :javascripts

to the head section of your application.html.erb and surround your jquery_validators call with content_for like so:

  <% content_for :javascripts do %>
    <%= f.jquery_validators %>
  <% end %>


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 mixtli. See LICENSE for details.
